Adds Customization Documentation (#3063)
plus3it/watchmaker: docs/customization/ConfigYaml.md

```{eval-rst}
.. image:: ../images/cropped-plus3it-logo-cmyk.png
   :width: 140px
   :alt: Powered by Plus3 IT Systems
   :align: right
   :target: https://www.plus3it.com
```
<br>

# Dissecting The `config.yaml` File

The stock config.yaml file has five top-level directives or directive-maps:

- `watchmaker_version`
- `all`
- `linux`
- `windows`
- `status`

> These directive or directive-dictionairs are used to govern the overall behavior of watchmaker's execution. See the [example config.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/plus3it/watchmaker/main/src/watchmaker/static/config.yaml) file for generic layout and content.

Author: It's meant to act as an example/reference config. So, maybe:
```suggestion
These directives or directive-dictionaries are used to govern the overall behavior of watchmaker's execution. See the [default config.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/plus3it/watchmaker/main/src/watchmaker/static/config.yaml) file for generic layout and exemplar-content.
```

If using an S3 URI, a couple of further requirements apply:

- When installing watchmaker, it will be necessary for the `boto3` Python library to be installed
- The to-be-configured system must have read access to the specified S3 URI

By default, `watchmaker` will extract this archive-file's contents at `/srv/watchmaker/salt` (Linux) or `C:\Watchmaker\Salt\srv` (Windows) the `./` referenced elsewhere in this document will be relative to that extraction-location.

```{eval-rst}
.. note::
    See the :doc:`Salt Contents Archive File <SaltContent>` document for a
    discussion on the contents and layout of this file.
```

### The `salt_states` String-Parameter

This parameter is by Watchmaker to invoke SaltStack with the desired states selected for execution. The typical value for this parameter is `Highstate`. The `Highstate` value tells watchmaker to invoke SaltStack with the `Highstate` invoker rather than iterated-states invoker. Invoking Saltstack with the `Highstate` invoker  will cause all available and activated formulas to be selected for execution.

### The `salt_version` String-Parameter

> The value for this parameter instructs watchmaker which version of the Saltstack software it should download. This will correspond to the value returned when `salt-call --version` is executed (after the `watchmaker` utility has downloaded and installed SaltStack). See the watchmaker [changelog](https://watchmaker.readthedocs.io/en/stable/changelog.html) for guidance on latest supported version of Saltstack.

Author: Ok. Not sure what, if any changes need to be made.

> The value for this parameter instructs watchmaker which version of the Saltstack software it should download. This will correspond to the value returned when `salt-call --version` is executed (after the `watchmaker` utility has downloaded and installed SaltStack). See the watchmaker [changelog](https://watchmaker.readthedocs.io/en/stable/changelog.html) for guidance on latest supported version of Saltstack.

Reviewer: I'm referring to the additional usage of `salt_version` we added in `0.27.0`.  The parameter is now also used to match against an existing installed version of Salt and to skip the Salt install if it's the same.

> The value for this parameter instructs watchmaker which version of the Saltstack software it should download. This will correspond to the value returned when `salt-call --version` is executed (after the `watchmaker` utility has downloaded and installed SaltStack). See the watchmaker [changelog](https://watchmaker.readthedocs.io/en/stable/changelog.html) for guidance on latest supported version of Saltstack.

Author: Alright, added.
